Adding Flutter Applications Test (#31)
dwyl/learn-flutter: README.md

This in turn will invoke the `build` method 
which re-renders the widget.

## Flutter application test

> As in all languages or platforms the secret to a successful application is to test it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As in all programming languages, frameworks or platforms the secret to a successful Flutter application is to test it _extensively_.
```

> Several tests should be done like the functionality test, the user experience test, which can help us correct any bug.</br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Several tests should created included functional tests and UX tests 
which can help us discover and fix any bugs before users see them!</br>
```
slight improvement to flow and meaning of the sentence.
also, splitting the sentence into semantic line feeds. 
Please read: https://sembr.org

Author: Thanks for the help, writing English is still a little complicated.

> An application must have tested any function, any class or task needed to run correctly without errors.</br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An application must have tested all functions, classes or tasks needed to run correctly without errors.</br>
```
"any" is too open to interpretation. "all" is specific and encompasses _all_ the code.
the difference may seem subtle but it's important to chose your words carefully. 
see: https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc2119.txt

> In general, an application that wants to succeed must have performed several unit tests, these being the main ones since they test functions, classes alone.</br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
This sentences does not add much that has not been said already. 
Functional tests are unit tests.
see: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/2741832/unit-tests-vs-functional-tests

> Widget tests, as in Flutter there are several widgets also necessary to perform tests on each widget in order to understand if all of them are performing the intended function and if they are in the place where they should be.</br>

Reviewer: 41 word sentence. Are you going for some kind of personal record? 😜 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/194400/74306045-531c1980-4d59-11ea-8f98-e34080563dc2.png)

But seriously, proof-read your work _before_ you assign it to me, the more of _other_ people's time you can save the more you will get paid. It's really that simple. Want to know the "secret formula" for getting rich? Save another wealthy person some time/effort. 💰

```suggestion
Widget tests are necessary to confirm that they are performing their intended function 
and correctly positioned in the layout.</br>
```
Same meaning. Less than _half_ the words.
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/194400/74306247-f10fe400-4d59-11ea-9796-6fce4d434f53.png)

Author: The sentences in the article were even bigger and I tried to reduce them to a minimum.

> And the integration tests, serve to test the application in general so we can see the final version of our application. 

Reviewer: Try to avoid starting a sentence with "And" wherever possible. 
You might see it online and in "current use" but it still not "correct" grammar even if it is _colloquial_. 
```suggestion
Integration tests serve to test the application as a whole so that we can test the app in a real-world scenario. 
```
